PD-596 mention pool ID, node IP (#923)
portworx/pxdocs: content/reference/CLI/updating-volumes.md

## Update a volume's replication factor

You can use the `pxctl volume ha-update` command to increase or decrease the replication factor for a given Portworx volume.

{{% content "shared/max-replication-factor.md" %}}

### Increase the replication factor

Follow the instructions below to increase a volume's replication factor and create replicas on a node or storage pool:

1. Identify a node or pool you want to create a replica on. The following example uses a node ID found using the `cluster list` command:

	```text
	pxctl cluster list
	```

	```output
	Cluster ID: MY_CLUSTER_ID
	Status: OK

	Nodes in the cluster:
	ID					DATA IP		CPU		MEM TOTAL	MEM FREE	CONTAINERS	VERSION		STATUS
	fa18451d-9091-45b4-a241-d816357f634b	10.99.117.133	0.5		8.4 GB	7.9 GB		N/A		1.1.6-a879596	Online
	b1aa39df-9cfd-4c21-b5d4-0dc1c09781d8	10.99.117.137	0.250313	8.4 GB	7.9 GB		N/A		1.1.6-a879596	Online
	bb605ca6-c014-4e6c-8a23-55c967d1a963	10.99.117.135	0.625782	8.4 GB	7.9 GB		N/A		1.1.6-a879596	Online
	```

2. Begin replicating your volume to your target node or storage pool by entering the following `pxctl volume ha-update` command, specifying:

> 	* `--repl=` with the number of replicas you want to create. This must be higher than your volume's current replication factor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	* `--repl=` with the new number of replicas you want to create. This must be equal to your volume's current replication factor plus one.
```

	```

4. Once the replication completes and the new node is added to the replication set, enter the `pxctl volume inspect` command to verify the new replica exists:

	```text
	pxctl volume inspect <volume-name>
	```

	```output
	Volume	:  970758537931791410
		Name            	 :  exampleVolume
		Size            	 :  1.0 GiB
		Format          	 :  ext4
		HA              	 :  2
		IO Priority     	 :  LOW
		Creation time   	 :  Feb 26 08:17:20 UTC 2017
		Shared          	 :  yes
		Status          	 :  up
		State           	 :  detached
		Attributes      	 :  sticky
		Reads           	 :  0
		Reads MS        	 :  0
		Bytes Read      	 :  0
		Writes          	 :  0
		Writes MS       	 :  0
		Bytes Written   	 :  0
		IOs in progress 	 :  0
		Bytes used      	 :  33 MiB
		Replica sets on nodes:
			Set  0
				Node 	 :  10.99.117.133
				Node 	 :  10.99.117.137
	```

### Decreasing the replication factor

The `ha-update` command can be used to reduce the replication factor as well. Follow the instructions below to decrease a volume's replication factor and remove replicas from a node or storage pool:

> 1. Begin removal of your volume's replica from your target node or storage pool by entering the following `pxctl volume ha-update` command, specifying:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sequentially remove one of your volume's replica from your target node or storage pool by entering the following `pxctl volume ha-update` command, specifying:
```

> 	* `--repl=` with the number of replicas you want to reduce to. This must be lower than your volume's current replication factor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	* `--repl=` with the new number of replicas. This must be equal to your volume's current replication factor minus one.
```

	* `--node` with the node ID, node IP address, or pool UUID you want to remove a replica from.
	* The volume you want to decrease the replication factor for.

	```text
	pxctl volume ha-update  \
	--repl=1 \
	--node b1aa39df-9cfd-4c21-b5d4-0dc1c09781d8 \
	<volume-name>
	```
	```output
	Update Volume Replication: Replication update started successfully for volume exampleVolume
	```

2. Monitor the replication operation by entering the following `pxctl alerts show` command:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```text
    pxctl alerts show --type volume
    ```
```

> 	```text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	```output
```

{{% content "shared/max-replication-factor.md" %}}

### Increase the replication factor

Follow the instructions below to increase a volume's replication factor and create replicas on a node or storage pool:

1. Identify a node or pool you want to create a replica on. The following example uses a node ID found using the `cluster list` command:

	```text
	pxctl cluster list
	```

	```output
	Cluster ID: MY_CLUSTER_ID
	Status: OK

	Nodes in the cluster:
	ID					DATA IP		CPU		MEM TOTAL	MEM FREE	CONTAINERS	VERSION		STATUS
	fa18451d-9091-45b4-a241-d816357f634b	10.99.117.133	0.5		8.4 GB	7.9 GB		N/A		1.1.6-a879596	Online
	b1aa39df-9cfd-4c21-b5d4-0dc1c09781d8	10.99.117.137	0.250313	8.4 GB	7.9 GB		N/A		1.1.6-a879596	Online
	bb605ca6-c014-4e6c-8a23-55c967d1a963	10.99.117.135	0.625782	8.4 GB	7.9 GB		N/A		1.1.6-a879596	Online
	```

2. Begin replicating your volume to your target node or storage pool by entering the following `pxctl volume ha-update` command, specifying:

	* `--repl=` with the new number of replicas you want to create. This must be equal to your volume's current replication factor plus one.

> 	* `--node` with the node ID, node IP address, or pool UUID you want to create the replica(s) on.

Author: @sangleganesh I made a lot of formatting changes to this document, but the only material change was the addition of the node IP address and pool UUID here. Can you just verify and approve based on whether this is correct?

	* The volume you want to increase the replication factor for.

	```text
	pxctl volume ha-update \
	--repl=2 \

> 	--node <node-ID> 

Reviewer 2: may be node-ID|pool-uuid|node-IP

		Creation time   	 :  Feb 26 08:17:20 UTC 2017
		Shared          	 :  yes
		Status          	 :  up
		State           	 :  detached
		Attributes      	 :  sticky
		Reads           	 :  0
		Reads MS        	 :  0
		Bytes Read      	 :  0
		Writes          	 :  0
		Writes MS       	 :  0
		Bytes Written   	 :  0
		IOs in progress 	 :  0
		Bytes used      	 :  33 MiB
		Replica sets on nodes:
			Set  0
				Node 	 :  10.99.117.133
				Node 	 :  10.99.117.137
	```

### Decreasing the replication factor

The `ha-update` command can be used to reduce the replication factor as well. Follow the instructions below to decrease a volume's replication factor and remove replicas from a node or storage pool:

1. Begin removal of your volume's replica from your target node or storage pool by entering the following `pxctl volume ha-update` command, specifying:

	* `--repl=` with the new number of replicas. This must be equal to your volume's current replication factor minus one.
	* `--node` with the node ID, node IP address, or pool UUID you want to remove a replica from.
	* The volume you want to decrease the replication factor for.

	```text
	pxctl volume ha-update  \
	--repl=1 \

> 	--node b1aa39df-9cfd-4c21-b5d4-0dc1c09781d8 \

Reviewer 2: node-ID|node-IP|pool-UUID ?
